README.md, before:

<!---
Copyright 2014-2016 Gfycat, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS-IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->


#gfycat.js

####Version History:

- 0.1: Initial revision
- 1.0: Fixes to initialization, cleaned up UI, support for mobile browsers


Embed script to generate gfycat embeds on 3rd party websites.

The intent of this Javascript file is to provide a simple way for web publishers to include Gfycat embeds on their websites.

This code is provided on Github, so users can request changes, contribute code, or fork a branch. Please contribute to the project to help improve it with actual real world needs.  

###Usage:  

**Include this script on your website**

      <script type="text/javascript" src="https://assets.gfycat.com/gfycat.js"></script>

**Include an embed tag(s)**

Example:

    <div class="gfyitem" data-title=true data-autoplay=false data-controls=true data-id="BestYellowishElephantseal"></div>

**The options are:**
* `data-id`: the Gfycat id (required)
* `data-controls`: include controls for pause/speed/etc (default: false)
* `data-title`: show the title on hover (default: false)
* `data-autoplay`: automatically start playback on page load (default: true)
* `data-expand` (DEPRECATED, please use `data-responsive`): expand video element to fill the space of its container (default: false)
* `data-responsive`: expand video element to fill the space of its container (default: false)
* `data-max-height` (works **only** together with `data-responsive=true`): set height upper bound for a responsive video
* `data-optimize`: play videos when they're 50% visible, and lazy loads gifs (default: true)
* `data-gif`: load .gif file instead of video (default: false)

###Source code

The code is broken down into two files:

* **gfyCollection.js**: `gfyCollection` calls `gfyCollection.init()` on page load.  Its function is to find every Gfycat embed on the page and create a gfyObject for it.
* **gfyObject.js**:  a `new gfyObject` instance is created for each gfycat embed.  It contains all of the functions to generate the DOM and manipulate the video.  

`gfyCollection.init` should be called on page load or after `gfyitem` elements appear on the page:  

    if (document.addEventListener) {
      document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", gfyCollection.init, false);
    } else {
        document.attachEvent("onreadystatechange", gfyCollection.init);
    }

The default key the embed script looks for is `class="gfyitem"`, or the class specificed in `gfyCollection.init('classname')`.

Each instance of `gfyObject` has an `init` method. It's possible to initialize an object with new data.

**html:**
```html
<div class="gfyitem" id="BestYellowishElephantseal"></div>
```

**js:**
```javascript
gfyCollection.init();
var collection = gfyCollection.get();
collection[0].init({id: "BareSecondaryFlamingo"});
```

###Build

```
npm install
gulp build
```

###Testing
`gulp test` - runs all the tests once

`gulp tdd` - watching for file changes and runs all the tests

Commit message:

Version 1.1
* View counts tracking
* Fixes for playButton style
* Videos inline autoplay for iOS 10

README.md, after:

<!---
Copyright 2014-2016 Gfycat, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS-IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->


#gfycat.js

####Version History:

- 0.1: Initial revision
- 1.0: Fixes to initialization, cleaned up UI, support for mobile browsers
- 1.1: Support for autoplaying looping MP4 on iOS 10, GIF view count analytics 


Embed script to generate gfycat embeds on 3rd party websites.

The intent of this Javascript file is to provide a simple way for web publishers to include Gfycat embeds on their websites.

This code is provided on Github, so users can request changes, contribute code, or fork a branch. Please contribute to the project to help improve it with actual real world needs.  

###Usage:  

**Include this script on your website**

      <script type="text/javascript" src="https://assets.gfycat.com/gfycat.js"></script>

**Include an embed tag(s)**

Example:

    <div class="gfyitem" data-title=true data-autoplay=false data-controls=true data-id="BestYellowishElephantseal"></div>

**The options are:**
* `data-id`: the Gfycat id (required)
* `data-controls`: include controls for pause/speed/etc (default: false)
* `data-title`: show the title on hover (default: false)
* `data-autoplay`: automatically start playback on page load (default: true)
* `data-expand` (DEPRECATED, please use `data-responsive`): expand video element to fill the space of its container (default: false)
* `data-responsive`: expand video element to fill the space of its container (default: false)
* `data-max-height` (works **only** together with `data-responsive=true`): set height upper bound for a responsive video
* `data-optimize`: play videos when they're 50% visible, and lazy loads gifs (default: true)
* `data-gif`: load .gif file instead of video (default: false)

###Source code

The code is broken down into two files:

* **gfyCollection.js**: `gfyCollection` calls `gfyCollection.init()` on page load.  Its function is to find every Gfycat embed on the page and create a gfyObject for it.
* **gfyObject.js**:  a `new gfyObject` instance is created for each gfycat embed.  It contains all of the functions to generate the DOM and manipulate the video.  

`gfyCollection.init` should be called on page load or after `gfyitem` elements appear on the page:  

    if (document.addEventListener) {
      document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", gfyCollection.init, false);
    } else {
        document.attachEvent("onreadystatechange", gfyCollection.init);
    }

The default key the embed script looks for is `class="gfyitem"`, or the class specificed in `gfyCollection.init('classname')`.

Each instance of `gfyObject` has an `init` method. It's possible to initialize an object with new data.

**html:**
```html
<div class="gfyitem" id="BestYellowishElephantseal"></div>
```

**js:**
```javascript
gfyCollection.init();
var collection = gfyCollection.get();
collection[0].init({id: "BareSecondaryFlamingo"});
```

###Build

```
npm install
gulp build
```

###Testing
`gulp test` - runs all the tests once

`gulp tdd` - watching for file changes and runs all the tests
